client/greenacre-loans/README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Greenacre Loan App (Next.js)

This project is a migration of the Greenacre Loan App from a React Create App project to a Next.js framework. Below are the updated instructions for working with this project.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm run dev`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `.next` folder.\
It correctly bundles Next.js in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more information.

### `npm run start`

Runs the built app in production mode.\
Make sure to run `npm run build` first.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deployment

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

chore: enhance Docker support and update API proxying for backend communication

client/greenacre-loans/README.md, after:

# Getting Started with Greenacre Loan App (Next.js)

This project is a migration of the Greenacre Loan App from a React Create App project to a Next.js framework. Below are the updated instructions for working with this project.

## Docker Setup

This application can be run using Docker for easy deployment and development.

### Prerequisites

* Docker and Docker Compose installed on your system

### Running with Docker

To run the client application with Docker:

```bash
# From the project root directory
docker compose -f docker-compose.client-server.yml up --build -d
```

The application will be available at <http://localhost:3000>.

### Docker Environment Variables

The Docker setup includes environment variables for backend communication:

* `BACKEND_HOST`: Server container hostname (defaults to `server`)
* `BACKEND_PORT`: Server port (defaults to `8080`)

## Local Development

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm run dev`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `.next` folder.\
It correctly bundles Next.js in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more information.

### `npm run start`

Runs the built app in production mode.\
Make sure to run `npm run build` first.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

* [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
* [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deployment

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
